TEAM MEMBERS:Srushti,Varshini,Vybhavi

QUESTION:B04. Access a web page of your choice, and note down the Last-Modified:. Re-access the web page with header "If-Modified-Since" passing this data as the parameter to get a response HTTP status code 304. Reaccess the same web page but date 1 second earlier to get status code 200.

SOLUTION:We first accessed the web page www.rprustagi.com using wget command. We noted down the last modified date of that web page and sent the same value as a parameter to header using wget and reaccessed the web page which resulted in status code 304. When we passed the parameter date 1 second earlier and reaccessed the web page we got status code 200.
DIFFICULTIES: We had to spend time for understanding about headers and learning wget commands.We struggled understand about how to pass parameters to a header.

QUESTION:B09. Access a web page using a browser that sends some cookie value have expiry period of more than 60 seconds.
Reaccess this web page and verify that cookie value is sent as part of the header. Access the webpage after the expiry time and verify that cookie is not sent in request header.
SOLUTION: We opened gmail and accessed developer tools. We found cookies used by gmail under application heading. There were many cookies amongst which one expired after session was logged out. When we logged out and reaccessed later that cookie was not found. We also tried it using wget command and found a cookie file getting generated.
DIFFICULTIES:We spent time to understand tcpdumps but could not implement it for capturing cookies. 

QUESTION:A05. Write a program to compute UDP checksum for the data sent to another program on another machine. The program should take 5 parameters as input
  a. source ip address
  b. source port
  c. Destination IP address
  d. Destination port
  e. Data string.
Verifying by sending this data (using nc) from source machine to destination using these ports and verifying the checksum value using tcpdump/wireshark. The .pcap file containing packet capture should lso be uploaded along with the program

SOLUTION:We wrote code for accepting 5 paramters. The program accepts data string and converts into ASCII values first and then to binary. This is done in order to calculate checksum. We inculcated java programming concepts

DIFFICULTIES FACED: We had to understand about UDP headers and checksum. We have many unresolved errors and we are unable to understand working of wireshark  






